what's up what's up welcome back
everybody so today we are going to be
starting an offer from scratch and we're
going to make it as difficult as we
possibly can for ourselves and show you
guys that more than likely you're
overthinking this entire process so if
we were to make this process as
difficult as we possibly could for
ourselves what variables would need to
be in place let's say no previous
clients you've never had a previous
client
you don't have any skills whatsoever you
haven't learned anything you don't know
how to do anything and
I don't know you have zero dollars
you don't have any money that's probably
the best way to do it so you have no
money you have no skills and you have no
existing clients to reach out to that's
that's pretty good for making it pretty
difficult right yeah what's the budget
how much money they have
let's say they have like
under 500
you have 500 let's go with that okay
let's do that you have 500 you've saved
up you've been working your job at Chuck
E cheese for the past month and really
trying to scrape by to escape the matrix
and so you know you now have 500 put
together so Daniel where would you be
looking to start if you were in said
circumstances you know I have to pick an
offer too right yep pick an offer you
have to start from somewhere
I I think personally
it's no no previous that I would start a
Google ads agency not Facebook ads
maybe tick tock
but I think Google
slash YouTube ads that's that's what I
would do so one that's the service
Google ads is it is there a specific
Niche that you're focusing on
probably
probably Ecom Brands Ecom brands are SAS
Ecom or SAS and you're running Google
ads for them yeah Google slash YouTube
ads it's the same thing
okay um so adds YouTube ads okay it's
quite the quite the Hefty learning curve
there Mr Mr Fazio though I have to
figure out how to run Google ads and
YouTube ads uh yeah yeah so here's the
game plan for which I would assume that
you know absolutely nothing about this
so
here's what I would do
I'm gonna go on YouTube
and I'm gonna just write in the search
bar and you're gonna be doing this for
like 14 straight days including
I type into to the search box Google ads
tutorial
and I'm gonna watch every single video
even if they're repeating themselves
every single video in the first two
pages
and then what will happen from there
is you will have a bunch of questions
that arise
just write them down as you're watching
the video don't search it up yet finish
the first two pages
of Google ads tutorial
this is probably gonna take you two days
the next day you're gonna go search up
all the questions
and watch
five to eight videos of each of the
questions and if you have more questions
you write those down on the piece of
paper
so this this is tree branching and
you're going to do this for every single
subsection and then what happens
when you're in a topic like that all the
things all the pieces start connecting
together
so the tree branch Loops back around and
it all pieces together you start to
understand
right so all the things that you're
gonna have to like one is gonna be like
how to do conversion tracking and then
it's going to tell you okay you need to
put this code in the head tracker and
then your next question is going to be
well how do I put a code in the in the
header
right right and you're gonna learn
You're Gonna Learn like this you're
gonna watch people do it and you're
gonna watch a astronomical
amount of videos at 1.5 x speed
1.5 x speed so it's two-thirds of the
time
right so now you're gonna you're gonna
get minimally viably competent at Google
ads
okay so here's what I'm going to do then
I'm gonna make
because now you know a lot and you have
all these questions on Google ads that
you had
so here's what you're gonna do you're
gonna make loom non-edited YouTube
videos just raw dogging a loom
teaching it
on YouTube no thumbnail it raw dog
answering all of your questions
yeah
Down the Line This is Gonna Take You
like two weeks one one or two videos a
day for two weeks
and you have like 15 20 30 videos up
about just how to do Google ads you're
not claiming you're an expert
you're just saying answering the
question this is how you do it yeah
exactly that's it it's all you're saying
this is how you do it
now what you're going to do you're going
to make sure what you're doing in those
YouTube videos
is saying
hey if you want help running your Google
ads go over here you're gonna build a
landing page on card
and the reason why you're doing it on
card is because it's 19 per year
yeah you're gonna get a free calendar
account
you're going to embed the calendly on
your page Google meet is free you can
connect it with Google meet and you're
gonna allow people to see if you're
gonna put the link hey if you need help
go to the link in the description right
and you're
going to get calls like you are
you'll have to learn a little bit of SEO
optimization on YouTube how to get
videos to rank but you're going to get
some calls it's going to happen just
loom video raw dog it no thumbnail
it
so so then what would you what would you
recommend as a form of outbound that
they would be doing because they can't
just do only inbound they should focus
on outbound as well right yeah so you're
you're gonna dream 100 this
okay so you're gonna so we said e-com
and SAS
let's let's just start with one Niche
let's do e-com brands
you're gonna pick out
you're just manually search this
Ecom brand or like product names or if
you're like scrolling on Instagram or
something like that you'll get ads for
different products yeah right so if
they're running Instagram ads the
probability that they would also like
Google ads is pretty high
right
yeah
so
you're gonna go on their websites
or you're gonna use you can use an
enrichment tool
like like any mail finder just type in
the domain or you can even do it on
clean leads clean leads.com I own that
you can go to their LinkedIn pages
you you can look up the company on
LinkedIn
you'd see who the founder is you click
on their profile if you have the clean
leads Chrome extension three day free
trial forty seven dollars a month to get
a thousand emails
you click on their profile on LinkedIn
you can unlock the email address
you can message them on LinkedIn
and unlock the email and send them an
email
now what you're going to do here
is you're going to have a custom womb
video for every person because you're
doing dream 100 you're not doing Mass
Outreach right now oh but Daniel this
this requires work oh I have to work to
get money and get clients oh goodness so
what's gonna happen all right is the
offer I would give this person because I
have zero case studies I'm going to tell
them
completely Performance Based
there's no retainer
and you will only pay me
10 of the gross profit
so what is what am I defining gross
profit as
revenue from ads
minus the ad spend
that's it
yeah you set up the Google shopping and
you said Google shopping ads for them
you do whatever the other
Google Discovery ads for them
you do retargeting as well so
retargeting is going to cook
so
you're gonna do this for about
three months okay you should get like
two three clients on this you're working
with the clients for two three months so
like full elapsing of this is like four
months
okay
and now
you have access to these Google ads
managers
now you get to make more YouTube videos
of how I made an e-commerce brand
6X return on ad spend
with Google shopping ads
and then yeah that goes on YouTube yeah
and you embed it on your website
and only after you have these can you
start Mass outbound Outreach now so you
can use list kit dot IO launch offer for
list kit.io right now 79 for a thousand
credits
so we're gonna do that and what am I
going to do with list kit
so you're going to extract
a thousand emails at this point you have
money right you didn't even you had a
500 budget you even spend the 500 you
have money now right yeah so here's what
you're gonna do you're gonna you're
gonna buy
20 domains
you're going to warm those how
much does the domain cost twelve dollars
okay so twelve dollars yeah and then
seven seven dollars twenty cents a month
for G Suite on every domain so 720 times
20. 144 a month
for G Suite
you're gonna connect connect those to
Smart lead Pro it's 99 a month
you're gonna go get
5 000 email addresses from list kit 79
times five
whatever that is three yeah let's just
let's just assume like 395 or something
like that I'm
let's assume like 350 on like email
addresses I spend 350 on leads
you're gonna write a cold email
script the leads you're scraping
are companies that are similar like if
you if you worked with an Ecom brand
you're gonna do other econ Brands so
again let's get your new technology
uh Shopify 11 plus employees like
like that United States person founder
CEO CMO right you're gonna email these
guys
what you're going to say
is hey name I'm reaching out because I'm
I'm for the past couple months I've been
working with this company is very
similar to yours I've been able to get
them a six times return on ad spend on
Google and I'd love to see if I can do
the same for you on a completely
performance base let me know if that's
interesting to you I can send you PS I
can send you uh I can send you a walk
through womb video of the ads manager
and what I'm doing for them
yeah
okay so I'm gonna start sending out
these cold emails and what's my goal
with this like what's the kpis that I
want to hit for the 500 domains I bought
You're Gonna Want
what you should be getting because this
is what's called a demand generation
offer I'm not going to get into that
right now we can later but yeah you
should
get one customer
for every 1 000 prospects UA lapse
through an entire five email follow-up
sequence
that's what should happen
you should get a bare minimum of like a
four to five percent response rate if
you if you can't do that like you're
you're probably messaging irrelevant
people
or you just have bad messaging or your
emails aren't getting delivered in which
case you need to make sure you're
warming up your emails and you're you're
using smartly there's a bunch of other
I've used every single cold email tool
on the market
you smartly all of the other ones suck
you use Smart lead yeah
I've never seen someone
come over from some other tool
start using smart lead in a me and not
immediately get better results it's just
the best like indisputable
so
5 000 emails you're sending
you should get like
you you'd have to severely this up
to not get 50 calls like you'd have to
you'd have to have some like really just
over 50 calls over what time period
that would equate to you got 20 domains
5 000 people like two months two months
okay so 50 calls 25 calls a month okay
yeah so at this point now
you're keeping your clients
you're getting them good results you're
getting performance fees
right now let's at this point you should
be making like
five six seven Grand profit a month
something like that
and you're making like a couple YouTube
videos along the way so here's where
you're gonna do
you're gonna go into the Google ads
manager you're gonna make YouTube ads
you're gonna make
retargeting ads
and retarget every person who's ever
watched your YouTube videos ever and
anyone who has been to your website ever
and you're just gonna spend
15 dollars a day
that's it
and you're just gonna call so
just
gradually trickle in
and then over the course of like
six eight months you got like eight
clients now
something like that right
from here
what I would do is make a Google ads
info product or
like intro offer
like hey if you're an Ecom brand
um
I will set up your Google shopping ads
following my framework I've used to get
companies like this this this this the
6X or Os and it's just 99 and it's like
a done for you 99 thing
yep and I would
herbo Ram that with Google ads
with with the YouTube ads like turbo Ram
it and you're what you're doing is
you're just collecting emails and phone
numbers now you have an email list
and you're sending updates about Google
ads to the email list another digital
marketing stuff
and then over time as you get a ton
of emails I'd probably make a school
group
it's called like
Google ads
math or something like that hey
everyone join the free school group
yeah
then I'd spin up a Consulting offer
where it's like hey thousand bucks a
month
you can just come to these group calls
some like that cancel whenever you
want or like an info product like a 600
info product or some like that but
the point is that you start building
audience you start owning traffic over
time as you that's what you're because
you have cash flow
and you start investing into owned
traffic that's what you're doing you
wanna you want aggregators email list
group that's what you're trying to do
that that is what I would do and I
promise you I'd be at 100K a
month in like nine months
okay so now we have everything put
together what what should I do for
hiring do I need to hire how do I know
when I need to hire when does that make
sense
yeah so
probably around
four or five clients
is when you'll start it's like a
ton of like client work
yeah
to which point
you you you need to when you hire
someone
so you're at like a baseline level of
work let's say you're at like a seven
and you're like this this is a lot of
work like a lot of client work
you don't just
hire someone who's an expert because if
they're an expert they're a ton of
money okay it doesn't work like that
so this is what this is what people
always oh just hire va's to do all the
media
bro you're not getting a you're
not getting someone who's actually good
for four dollars an hour it's not
happening
oh no you need to make them good you to
make them good you can do that for four
dollars an hour you can like you have to
teach them
yeah you have to treat this effectively
as like your first Consulting client
except you're paying them
so your Baseline level of seven
and you go hire someone because you got
to teach them how you're doing your
Google ads
your work goes up to a 10.
for like a month
because not only are you doing the work
you're also teaching someone
else to do it so you're at a 10 now
yeah
and then
it gradually starts going down as you
give them okay you can do this you can
do this you can do this
gradually starts going down 45 60 days
later
your workload now is at a four
so you've got
that spread now because you can go up to
seven you got a three point basis spread
now
so what do you do with that three-point
basis spread
it's more Outreach more content
make ads
start making
more videos and sales assets right and
then your workload will go up back to a
seven
then you go back to that dude
be like hey can you train someone to do
what you're doing we need to expand the
team
right so now like
the point from
to hire the second person it doesn't go
from seven to ten now it goes from seven
to nine because that other person is
picking up some stuff and then that nine
gradually goes back down to a three
right now you have a higher spread
yeah the the concept of the workload
going up and down and up and down I
think it's going to hold true no matter
what where you're at like that's just
even if you're in that part of the
process where Daniel's talking about
launching the info product like I saw
that all of a sudden now you're going
through managing client projects to
managing client projects and your
project as well and so now your work
goes from like a seven with the clients
to like a 10 because you got to handle
your other stuff and so then from there
you'll get everything done and then
it'll calm back down like I think at a
certain point you start to realize that
if things are coming back down it means
you could be doing something else it
means there's some other area what up
regardless of what it is in the business
that you could be putting your time
towards there if you're like spending
way too unless like you got
yourself the position where it's money
is coming in regardless and you don't
even have to do anything for it I mean
that's awesome but very few people are
going to experience that so that ebb and
flow that's always gonna be a part of
your business and no matter what uh I
just figured I'd throw that in there
because I remember experiencing that
with like my business and seeing it
where it's like whoa it's huge revenue
and then I'm like I gotta go and
deliver on it and then when you're
starting to implement those systems so
you don't have these big spikes you
actually will see that you're working
more during that time because you have
to build the out it's just like a
highway system you have to build out
once it's done it's done and that's it
it's the hardest part of the entire
process
Okay so
we have hired
we've launched an info product or
running YouTube ads towards like a 99
done for you product
and then
now we're kind of at a position where
we're like okay I'm making good money
from this I'm at 100K a month what do I
do now should I go and should I teach
people how to build agencies like this
and start a b2c Biz op offer or should I
go and do something else like should I
try and just max out this agency and get
it to a million a month like what would
you recommend that person do once they
hit that milestone
personally what I'd be doing is
is
I wouldn't bizop it
I would you make a Consulting offer
but the Consulting offer is teaching
people how to do the Google ads so it's
just like what you would otherwise do
with the done for you service
is just you just teach someone whatever
the kind of business they have like
here's how to do Google ads for it
you're not teaching people how to make a
Google ads agency that's not what you're
doing you're teaching them how to grow
their business with Google ads
that's what you're doing
okay that scales farther
it works better because that's that's a
vertical scaling I like vertical scaling
expand on that because I know you've
talked about that in vertical scaling
and horizontal scaling yeah so like
vertical scaling is you sell the same
thing in different forms
at someone's different life cycle so
like for instance
you could sell a course on how to do
Google ads and that's for people who run
smaller companies Ecom brand SAS
whatever you can you can sell it to
multiple niches in which case you're
kind of horizontal scaling but
smaller businesses they buy like an
intro course
the next up kind of business would buy a
Consulting offer okay you'll help me do
the Google ads like one-on-one or group
and then the next is done for you and as
you as you get higher and higher and
higher what will happen is you'll become
way more picky with the kinds of clients
they'll do done for you with
yeah because you'll you'll have a pretty
good understanding at this point of who
are you the best at getting results for
and if there's some company that's
pretty large comes along and they're
like yeah we're trying to spend like a
hundred thousand dollars a month on ads
and you're like oh like
I can make like
20K a month off of performance fees from
you
see what I mean yeah you you'll you'll
start exclusively working with people
like that it becomes like pace like I've
even seen this with my own business with
doing done for you services in like the
copywriting world whether it be vsls or
like funnels or trying to beat someone's
control
um
one is that when the customer comes to
you and you're like ah like could I get
you a result yeah are you the customer
that I 100 want to work with probably
not you just charge them way more
because then it's like you know if they
decide to take you up on it worst case
scenario you just make double your
normal fee on it but it's also you just
get a feel from like the customer
Behavior like how they act before the
sales even before the sales conversation
has really even started or has even like
finished you can tell whether or not
this person is going to be a good deal
or not like I found that the people that
are asking a ton of questions like
you know as an example I had a client
that came to me they just found me on
Twitter someone said hey you're going to
want to follow this guy on Twitter for
copy stuff she reached out to me she has
a really solid business like she's doing
probably about 50k a month but dude like
the way she was asking questions she was
like uh you know I'm pretty close to
making a higher decision what would you
say is your best advice for what you
would do
um to split test against this home page
and sends me that and what I found is
that that type of client almost always
they're not going to be a good client
because what they're trying to do
essentially what it is is hey I want you
to tell me what I should do so I can go
and do it and then I'm going to come
back and say that I tried that and it
didn't work even though I only did what
you said I didn't do exactly how you
said it and didn't do it the way you
would do it and so you start to get a
feel for like hey this Behavior bad
client and so you can immediately just
put them into a position where they're
kind of having to chase you more and
you're not really putting that much
effort into the sales process whereas
like you know hey this client really
good client asking right questions right
type of business everything you can
prioritize those people and so it's like
you get a feel for which clients are
going to be good and which clients are
going to be bad simply just from the way
they communicate with you and how they
reach out to you it takes a minute to
like see multiple instances of it but
eventually you'll just see yeah if
they're asking 50 000 questions out the
gate they're probably going to be a
super annoying client and you
just have to get a feel for that so
that's my recommendation there and how
to find the right clients there is
you'll just feel it out okay so we're in
a pretty good position now with our
fictional offer that we've just started
and what we've stated today is kind of
like a a blueprint where anyone can get
started on this and just follow this
path why do you think most people don't
do this because I think what you just
said it's a very viable solution even in
2023 even in a world where people are
saying Google ads are saturated like I'm
no that's not true yeah
actively wrong
why do you think most people aren't even
going to do this like you just literally
laid out a game plan which I think is a
solid game plan anyone could follow it
but why do you think most people won't
yeah it's the presence of uncertainty so
like a very important thing I said
earlier was like
day one you're watching two pages
two pages 1.5 XP and you have a ton
of questions
yeah so what happens with people when
they have a ton of questions it's
like super daunting it's like I don't
know like I don't know what to do and
they're like uh
just look up the question and answer
them one by one by one by one yeah and
the thing is like what screws people up
is that they they have to do something
for the first time
when you have to do something for the
first time there's a huge resistance to
it because there's uncertainty you don't
know how it's going to work out
you've never made a YouTube video before
maybe you've never even posted a video
of yourself on the internet at all ever
yeah you've never been on a sales call
ever in your life you've never built a
website you've never set up a calendly
you don't even know how to do that
you've never been in the Google ads
manager it's like you look at it it's
like wow that's a lot of stuff like this
is super confusing and super daunting
right yeah it's all it's all it's a
presence of uncertainties or it's like
it gets too overwhelming for a lot of
people and they're like I'm I'm not
doing that this is too much
but that's the problem because
everything you want is on the tail end
of you doing you don't want to do
like it is someone has to do it it's
like the business owner doesn't want to
figure that out and so the reason why
they're paying for that is because
someone else has figured it out for them
and then it's like the way that you get
to charge luxury prices for your
services is like you've not only figured
it out but you're also really good at it
because you you just have the skill
level and time experience that's just
required for it that's pretty much it
yeah
like one day you're just really good at
it like you're just really good at
something and that's that's the point
I'm trying to make to people it's like
everybody I know all of them a hundred
percent of them
like people watching this right now
but they go on Twitter or
Instagram or whatever and they follow
some x amount of people this dude's
posting this car he's over here he
posted a screenshot of him making like
300 000 a month like yeah I hang out
with these people like they're incline
Ascension like yeah I I've hung out with
them in person
like most of the time they're not
bullshitting like that it is
real they have that much money what's
the commonality between people who have
that much money like that absurd
amount of wealth all of them are capable
of doing things that the standard person
isn't
so it's like someone comes along
and it's like dude this guy has like
80 clients or it's like he runs like a
Consulting thing he has like he has like
500 clients or some like that it's
like how did he do that because he's
just better at marketing than you like
that's it like he just is better than
you yeah that's something you have to
understand if someone like if if someone
has more than you
or they're way far beyond you they just
are better than you they are they're
doing something you're not it's not like
they got lucky like
everyone has everyone will have some
piece of luck somewhere
but it's like that's not the reason why
they're just doing more than you
like they just are and there's
no that's not even debatable like it
just is
yeah I mean like I've I can just tell
people from first-hand experience that
you definitely will have luck that hits
you where it's just you're in the right
place at the right time knew the right
person that right person got hit up by
the right company and they just referred
you in like that totally happens from
time to time but the only reason why you
even got to the position where you were
lucky is because when you were ready for
it and you were able to opt like you
know capitalize on it but like even if
you get lucky and you get a client you
still have to get results
that doesn't go away like you still have
to be able to get results for people I
think it's it's like
people want to throw the lucky excuse
because then there's no oh that person
didn't actually really have to do
anything absurdly difficult they just
got lucky and they were the right
opportunity and that's why that happened
but it's like no you don't see that
person they sacrificed a ton to get
to where they're at like all the people
you you're thinking of that have oh
they're pushing the cars they're making
the money they're posting everything on
on their Twitter
that person at some point was
sacrificing something in their life to
get ahead in that area it could have
been their health it could have been
their social life it could have been
their dating life it could have been you
know whatever it is but they had to
sacrifice in some area I think that's a
big part of it as well what keeps people
away from wanting to do this is the
sacrifice because you have to sit down
and basically go back to school and
figure out how to do right you
can't just like figure out how to make
money and that's it there has to be some
skill that you learn and then there's a
service you can provide but you know
people are still going to stay stuck no
matter what dude it's like you look at
things like let me give you for instance
um you ever watch a buyer buy a he's a
video on YouTube you know that guy
if you take a Drop Shipping dude but
he's not he's not cringe he's a I really
like his videos and like I don't
with Drop Shipping at all yeah I watched
a video of him one time and it was
um taking a Drop Shipping Store to like
uh uh like a thousand dollars a day in
Revenue in in a week or something like
that and I was like I want to see like
what he's doing with his video
yeah so I watched it and
it was like dude the guy's smart
and he was like all right so I'm doing
like I'm finding it like this now I have
to go get a bunch of ugc ads made so I'm
gonna hit up a bunch of people like okay
I gotta find a group where I can find
people but oh I found a group okay cool
like now I'm gonna hit up people in the
group okay this person sent me their
videos like this this is this okay so I
got to send the product over to them
hopefully they don't screw me out of
money and they actually do the thing and
they got a bunch of ugc ads got like 10
or something like that he's like
all right I'm gonna spin these up on
Tick Tock now I'm gonna make sure the
Shopify store is all good here and I got
I make I got a US supplier over here
okay start The Tick Tock ads man but
okay here's the numbers here's the
profit today here's what I'm gonna do
tomorrow Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam it was like
live build out
and he completed the challenge he got it
to a thousand dollars a day like
profitably and I was like oh like that
was really entertaining I like that yeah
and I got a ton of views
and secondarily it showed his competence
like oh I know how to do all this right
and he has a Drop Shipping course like
it's like I don't know whatever
maybe it's a thousand dollars or
something like that but it's like yeah
but for to get someone to like give you
a thousand dollars you gotta
show you're capable of doing something
you know and give value like someone
could just watch that video and just try
it themselves and like definitely get
results with it like you could
do that it's not an issue
but it's like but people forget though
that front part
like being capable of doing it and like
secondarily just doing it
yeah dudes they want to start up from
like Agency for like no reason
and it's like looks for something that
they're they've never even done before
ever
and like no I'm not even gonna do free
work I'm just gonna try to get like a
retainer it's like try to spin up an
e-commerce email marketing thing I was
like dude have you even designed one
email ever and it's like no it's like
why would anyone trust you
anyone in any marketing like it doesn't
even like it doesn't even matter
you spent like three grand on ads and
booked like 50 calls it's like
no guarantee no what does this look like
it's absolutely bro like no one is
buying that no one yeah
yeah I had a I had a friend who he's
transitioning from agency to wanting to
go to done with you and when he put
together was a sales page and it's like
a vsl not even like a sales letter like
landing page and then it's a two
thousand dollar course at the bottom and
he's not really posting on YouTube
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn or anything
he's like oh I'm just gonna Point
traffic at it and you know I'll sell the
product and I'm trying to tell them like
hey man I actually don't think that's
going to work all that well because
these people have no idea who you are
you're not even putting them through a
webinar or through any form like you
just have a 20 minute vsl on your page
and that's it and they have no idea who
you are and when I watch through the
presentation it's not like compelling
enough to even make me want to watch it
or see what you're doing it's just
talking about how big your dick is and
how awesome you are and all the results
you've gotten but it's not sharing with
me why I should buy this thing at all I
think that goes like what you're saying
with people starting agencies on models
they haven't even done before so same
thing with people trying to transition
from hey I offer it done with you or I
offer it done for you service I want to
create a done with you or do it yourself
service it's like it has to make sense
why is someone going to buy a two
thousand dollar course from you from
cold traffic you have no idea who the
you are like people aren't just
stopping their day seeing your YouTube
ad and going oh my God need that getting
on the landing page watching your 30
minute vsl and going through your Lander
and then buying like that's just not the
process they go through they don't know
who you are when I tell him you need to
make organic content around it it's like
nah
okay like fine figure it out go waste
five and ten Grand on ads and
then come back and complain to me about
it and I'm going to tell you that you
should just listen to me from the start
but it's like
I don't know maybe you've seen the
students just people are trying to skip
like to step five and you haven't even
done step one through four at all yeah
it's like there's no compelling so
there's only there's there's there's
like three components that are gonna get
someone to want to interact with you
what I mean by that is like even
schedule a call with you in the
first place or even consider giving you
money there's only three things that are
gonna make this happen one is
demonstration
and what you're doing in demonstration
is it's display of competence and it's
the giving of value
so if you have like an hour-long video
about here's how you do this step by
step
to where they could go do the
themselves yep
now you just exerted value out into the
ether
you have to do that
second is proof
look at all of these other people I've
done it for right but maybe you don't
have that which is okay to which you
need to be doing number one then
right second third
if you don't have
no result nothing you need a guarantee
either you work a hundred percent on
performance basis
or you have a 100 money back guarantee
and it astounds me bro
how many businesses are so unwilling to
do that and it's like bro you don't have
case studies nobody trusts you
yeah and you just think
somehow
cold traffic
is going to give you money with no
content you're giving no value you have
no proof
you have zero form of risk reversal and
you think that somebody is gonna
give you money you are out of your mind
but Daniel I have Facebook ads
it doesn't even matter it doesn't even
match bro I'm gonna send 30 000
code emails and I'll make it happen it's
like no you won't no you won't
it's not it's not happening
that's so funny that you said that I
remember when I was in Los Angeles it
must have been four years ago and I was
really probably three years ago I was
doing really really hard cold Outreach
that's all I was doing now I'm at a
point where like referral business is
one of the main things then just from
content people just come to me and book
calls with me sometimes I'll shoot a
cold email just because like I think I
can really help the person but I'm I'm
at a cafe with this girl I was dating at
the time and she was you know she did
Ecom email stuff and she had a meeting
with another agency was trying to
Outsource with her and that person came
and I was sitting with them we were
talking back and forth and I said yeah
you know I'm probably sending I don't
know anywhere from like 500 to 1000 cold
emails a month because I'm a very small
Niche and this guy goes yeah we sent out
about 30 000 a day
I remember hearing that I'd be like okay
like but then afterwards now
that I have more context I guarantee you
he was booking like very little calls
from that I just I I've yet to see
someone sending 30 000 emails a day and
the messaging in the niche is so
specific that they just 100 gets through
just because you're doing the thing I'm
running the ads I'm sending 30 000 cold
emails a day I have a landing page I
built a sales letter or whatever doesn't
mean that people are actually landing on
the page and converting so much of what
it is is like who's the person like how
aware of the of you and your solution
and your competence are they when they
arrive there if they don't know who you
are the are they gonna buy but if
they find out your Robert Downey Jr and
you're awesome and you're giving away
cookies and super cool and you're
super cool they're like yeah I'll
go to this person but it's like I don't
know I just think it's it's laziness and
it's entitlement it's just people that
think that oh no I I got this don't
worry and it's just like cute
you just listen to the people so there's
too many people bro they get like a
check box and it's like oh I'm just
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna just check the
box
yeah and is there something about like
this works with content sometimes too
bro it's like crazy it's like if you if
you think some thought and you post it
like there's something about like an
energy that's in the Tweet or in the
video Yeah it like like the the content
piece has an energy behind it it just
does yeah and if it resonates with a lot
of people and you get a lot of
Engagement like I posted this thing the
other day where it was I went to a
coffee shop and I ordered like a salmon
Bagel like it brought it back to me and
it was the completely disassembled I had
to assemble it and I just took a picture
of a bagel put it on Twitter and said
excuse me I ordered the dun for you
Bagel not the done with you Bagel
a ton of people like that I no
that's just that is the first thing that
came to my head though
crying when I saw that tweet bro I was
like holy
like how a lot of us think though is we
just start to view the world from the
agency and then service perspective and
it's like our own little cult like we
all kind of are a part of it
um but yeah like that you could take
that concept and just extrapolate it out
and if I started recording like what's
something that a lot of people are
talking about hey okay here's why paid
traffic to book a call funnels are not
working as well as they used to and then
I explain literally what's going on
someone's gonna hear that and go I had I
thought that too and immediately now I'm
like the expert because I put out their
thoughts on the internet and they felt
like oh well that's exactly what I was
thinking I like this person it's that
simple it really is
it's simple you don't need to do much
more yeah well I think this is something
we could easily transition to right here
is
it seems like Money Twitter specifically
is like a culture right and it has its
own subculture and YouTube is its own
culture and has its own subculture like
you'll even see people saying this like
the engagement I get from YouTube is
completely different than the engagement
I get on like Twitter or LinkedIn or
Facebook so I mean you've been on
Twitter for a while dude how would you
describe the subculture of Twitter
based it is pretty based
you know what held me back for a while
though is
um I was completely Anonymous for like a
pretty long time bro I was like I was
like Anonymous until I made like
like like almost a million dollars yeah
I made a mill off of the cold email
wizard account no I don't even know what
I looked like uh unless you bought cold
email Mastery it because I put my face
in there but like I didn't publicly put
it on the internet yeah I started coding
My Wizard in May 2020.
and I didn't post a YouTube video until
August
2022.
which was
such a massive mistake
yeah it's like that was just so stupid
like it that was so I cannot even
describe to you how dumb of a mistake
that was
I was just scared I was like I don't
want to have my face all over the
internet
and then it's like we'll grow up
what do you want like why were you
afraid of that what was it exactly that
like what was it about that that made it
it didn't make any sense because now I
do it I'm like okay cool and make more
money like you know it's like good the
objection doesn't even exist
because you're just scared it's like oh
I don't want to get mean comments
I saw this I don't remember what I put
oh I posted about a little video of me
explaining why I'm breaking my caffeine
detox I went like a full month no
caffeine and some guy responds to it and
says like just actually the rudest thing
he's just literally like I think he said
to the long lines of like bro you don't
get a babble and say all this just
admit you're addicted and move on and I
just quoted him and I go it's always the
Anon accounts you will never have
someone with a public profile that will
actually talk to you like to that
degree you may have someone challenge
you but you'll never have that and it's
like eventually I think in the beginning
that really affected me like I would see
people say that I'd be like
this is a person's not like me like I'm
just being a normal person but
eventually you realize that person's
just living like a shitty existence
that's why they feel the need to just be
a is because there's probably
some sort of anger and resentment
towards the world and so that's how they
feel that void is just by being a
to someone and then if you
really think about that why the
should you even care at all what that
person thinks like if a random loser
who's a hundred pounds overweight and
you know has no social life and it's
just overall like just losing at life
came up to you and said I think you're
dumb
are you gonna give a no but then
because it's online and everyone can see
it like you create this
Boogeyman almost with it and it's just
not it's not a big deal at all it
doesn't matter who the who it is from
like Daniel to
um you know Andre to someone like even
Soul bra like all these different
people that are personality online just
go look at the comments and you'll you
you will always find someone that's a
who's arguing with you over
nothing and it's like the things they're
usually arguing at is they're making fun
of the way you look they're calling you
dumb they're trying to take like a
superiority route or they're just like
just
whatever like it doesn't matter okay no
to counteract this
um I was supposed to hell with Tick Tock
videos a while back and
one of the guys is talking
and like bro Tick Tock comments are wild
let's say wild um now what happened
though is they're saying like you don't
make that much money like stop cap and
yeah yeah and then I just made another
video that just showed stripe
screenshots like here yes I do here's me
requesting the page what next
yeah and then they all shut up
yeah you actually do have to prove
yourself though
yeah you do
yeah you just get like the actual like
it will still happen you'll get the
mentally challenged that still say
stupid to you all the time you
actually just have to ignore it because
it's like bro you will receive
overwhelmingly more positive stuff than
you will negative stuff it's so true
you will definitely make friends in the
process as well like people that just I
with you like I like your stuff and
then just support you well you said as
well I think once that when you upgraded
your lighting setup the comments on your
posts on Tick Tock like did better are
the ads I don't remember which it was
yeah yeah
less talking when when you look
more professional
um and now the
the the reasoning for this is very
interesting so you ever see those people
who they fake um they put like the red
curtain behind them and it looks like a
fake Joe Rogan podcast yeah no like do
ads like that yeah so that works but why
yeah
because if you're on Joe Rogan
look you gotta be a expert in
something right yeah secondarily
who who do you see like if you think of
like all the people you respect I guess
you could say I don't know like Alex
Becker Sam Alvin's or some like
that or or like Russell Brunson or
whatever the you see them they got
they look professional on camera really
nice camera good lighting set up and
like people run big businesses like a
lot of like online stuff like they
always look they got a nice setup right
professional you're the real deal
so everyone who's the real deal
has a setup that looks like that
therefore if you have a setup that looks
like that you must be the real deal
that's how you unconsciously think of it
right that's true it's pretty accurate
yeah I I do want to say this that I
think this is an important point is that
it's not about like
like you should ignore most comments but
also be aware enough to realize when
what the person is saying is true
there's one specific person that comes
to mind on Twitter specifically where
if you read his comments almost always
it's very accurate takes of people like
psychoanalyzing him and talking got
him about him and I'll read them I'm
like
a dog I'm sorry that's actually so true
but they're saying right there and you
you feel bad because it's actually kind
of rude but at the same time like you're
acting like a dick or you're acting like
an and you're acting like some
jackass Behavior whatever it is like
people have the right to be able to call
you out just as much as you have the
right to act like that on Twitter or on
YouTube or whatever and I think it's so
important to realize like is the
feedback you're getting actually haters
or is it people pointing out like just
actually explaining their public
perception of you and multiple other
people think that but they don't say it
like you have to be aware enough to
understand when people actually are
being serious and when they're just
being dicks and that's it man dude I
mean
it's not hard to kind of get a gauge
from that if you're just like whatever
then that's that but if you read the
comment and you're like okay that was
oddly specific right like he probably
should listen to what they say like
there may be some validity to what
they're saying there but
anyways we've achieved a lot today
Daniel we've built an offer from scratch
we've created an online personal brand
what would you say would help someone
accelerate this entire process of going
through what you said today
PSA for everyone watching right now we
are turning this into an official
podcast soon so that will be on Apple
podcast it will have its own YouTube
channel its own brand it must be pretty
dope yeah what's really funny is I told
Daniel like I said hey we should do this
and it took like a little bit of like a
little pushing but then he was
eventually like that's a good idea and I
was hitting him while we were talking
about it he's like dude I'm actually so
psyched and he was saying but you've got
to get like a professional camera set up
you got to get a professional audio
setup and a background and everything
and I was like oh man I can't just like
run in a gun in it like I've been doing
recently he's like no we if we're gonna
do this we got to do it right so you'll
be actually able to see Nick not in 16
different locations it's like randomly
in different like coffee shops and
uh I'm gonna be doing it for like a
professional setup so I'm I'm super
stoked I mean we're really just going to
be continuing the conversations that we
have here and
we're just gonna make money from it too
that's the cool part about it it's so
simple I'm I'm most excited for the
client Ascension ad reads I think that's
going to be really fun where we could
just throw in like basically clips of me
and Daniel talking about client
Ascension and just pitching client
Ascension if you've been a part of any
of the Twitter spaces you've heard a few
of these pitches
um and then yeah I mean we're not really
going to change much I don't have any
plans to change much just give me the
same discussions
so basically tune in but before you tune
in
join client Ascension that way it's a
more special experience for you and you
understand what we're talking about
you're making money during the process
you'll you'll create some positive
neural connections that'll just like
that will be your podcast for life
that's everything I got for today I
don't know if you want to move on
anything else nope we're good all right
peace everybody peace